h1. restfulie-py

"One minute tutorial":https://github.com/caelum/restfulie-py/wiki/Python-One-Minute-Tutorial
"Hypermedia Implementation":https://github.com/caelum/restfulie-py/wiki/Hypermedia-Implementation
"Client":https://github.com/caelum/restfulie-py/wiki/Python-Client
"Examples":https://github.com/caelum/restfulie-py/wiki/python-examples
"Hypermedia Examples":https://github.com/caelum/restfulie-py/wiki/Python-Hypermedia-Clients
"OpenSearch Examples":https://github.com/caelum/restfulie-py/wiki/Python-OpenSearch

h2. Introduction

This is a one minute guide to get you going with Restfulie Python
We are ready to go, hypermedia supported:

<pre>
from restfulie import Restfulie

# using restfulie as an http api:
>>> response = Restfulie.at('http://localhost:8080/items').accepts('application/xml').get()
>>> print response.body
<items>
    <item>
        <name>Car</name>
        <price>32000.00</price>
    </item>
    <item>
        <name>House</name>
        <price>231000.00</price>
    </item>
</items>

>>> print response.code
200

# unmarshalling the items response
>>> r = response.resource()
>>> print len(r.item)
2
>>> print len(r.item[0].name)
Car

# navigating through hypermedia
# using kwargs as request parameters
>>> result = items.link("self").follow().post(name='New product', price=30)

# or, using a dict as request parameters
>>> parameters = {"name":"New product", "price":30}
>>> result = items.link("self").follow().post(**parameters)

>>> print result.code
200

</pre>

This is it. Adding hypermedia capabilities and following links. Now its time to use it in the <b>right way</b>.


h2. Installing Restfulie

On project root, run:

@$ python setup.py install@

If you like to install from pip, run:

@pip install restfulie@

Or with easy_install:

@easy_install restfulie@


h2. Installing Restfulie for development

First, create your @Makefile@ based on @Makefile.example@.

Then, make the installation:

@$ make dev@

The required dependencies should be installed automatically.


h2. Running tests

On project root, run:

@$ make test@

To run restfulie-restbuy integration test, first start "restfulie-restbuy":https://github.com/caelum/restfulie-restbuy server and run:

@$ python setup.py nosetests -i "spec|should"@


h2. Team

"Alexandre Atoji":https://github.com/atoji
"Andrew Toshiaki Nakayama Kurauchi":https://github.com/toshikurauchi
"BecaMotta":https://github.com/BecaMotta
"Douglas Camata":https://github.com/douglascamata
"Guilherme Silveira":https://github.com/guilhermesilveira
"Hugo Lopes Tavares":https://github.com/hugobr
"Marianna Reis":https://github.com/mariannareis
"Pedro Matiello":http://pmatiello.appspot.com/
"Rodrigo Manhães":https://github.com/rodrigomanhaes
"Tarsis Azevedo":https://github.com/tarsis

